PBM-1018 Updated the list of tools within a package (#71)
percona/pbm-docs: docs/installation.md

| `pbm`           | Command-line interface for controlling the backup system |
| `pbm-agent`     | An agent for running backup/restore actions on a database host |
| `pbm-speed-test`| An interface for field-testing compression and backup upload speed|

> | `pbm-agent-entrypoint` | A binary to start `pbm-agent` and restart it in case of misconfiguration if `pbm-agent` runs as a side container in Kubernetes or another cloud environment| 

Reviewer: Maybe something like that:
```suggestion
| `pbm-agent-entrypoint` | An entry point application that allows starting `pbm-agent` and also restarts it in case of any errors| 
```

Reviewer 2: I like @hors definition. The only thing, should we rephrase "restarts it in case of any errors" to something like  "restarts it in case of any faults". Because pbm may write a lot of errors in logs but it will be restarted by the entrypoint only when it **exits** with an error.
